Stataria adds a full RPG stat and leveling system to Terraria!

GOOD TO KNOW:
- Custom Config UI: Inspired by the 'Quality of Terraria' mod, configuring Stataria is now easier and sleeker than ever!
- Hugo NPC: Hugo sells the Cores! Many people missed this in previous versions, so make sure to check his shop.
- Open Source: The GitHub repository is now permanently public! Whether you want to help with localization, fix bugs, or provide updates, you can find it here: https://github.com/kingquincye/Stataria
- Stataria Wiki: COMING SOON! The mod currently has an old Fandom Wiki (which I am not maintaining anymore), but soon there will be an official Wiki.GG for the mod and you guys can help me polish up and customize it to be as user-friendly and accurate as possible!
- Translations: Stataria now supports Russian and Simplified Chinese! Translations are currently automated—if you are a native speaker and see a weird translation, let me know on GitHub or the Workshop Comments!

Hey, if you're enjoying the journey, feel free to support it and fuel my modding addiction xD --> https://ko-fi.com/kingquincye

DEFAULT KEYBIND: K (MUST SET-UP)

Gain XP by:

    Dealing damage

    Killing enemies

    Defeating bosses (with bonus XP)

Level up and earn stat points!
Assign stat points across 10 unique stats to build your character:

    VIT: Increases Max Health and HP Regen

    STR: Increases Melee Damage, Knockback, and Melee Armor Penetration

    AGI: Increases Movement Speed, Attack Speed, Wing Time, Jump Speed, and Jump Height

    INT: Increases Max Mana, Mana Regen, Magic Damage, Magic Armor Penetration, and reduces Mana Cost

    LUC: Increases Crit Chance, Luck, and Fishing Power, and reduces Enemy Aggro

    END: Increases Defense, Damage Reduction (with diminishing returns), Knockback Resistance, and knocks enemies back when hit (except bosses), also increases Aggro

    POW: Increases All Damage types and gives a small flat bonus to damage covered by other stats

    DEX: Increases Ranged Damage and Armor Penetration, Chance to Not Consume Ammo

    TCH: Increases Mining Speed and Range, and Block Placement Speed and Range

    SPR: Increases Summon Damage and adds Minion and Sentry slots (1 minion per 10 SPR, 1 sentry per 20 SPR)

Has mod integration stats for Calamity, Thorium, ClickerClass, VitalityMod, OrchidMod, MetroidMod

Has a very simple UI.

Most features and stat scaling values are fully configurable in the mod config.
You can make Stataria as balanced or as broken as you want!

Multiplayer is not fully tested (sometimes there are syncing problems, sometimes rejoining the server fixes them), so if you run into issues, please report them!

Don't forget to bind a key to open the Stat Panel under Controls > Keybindings.

Default values/settings for the mod can be considered unbalanced. I encourage changing/playing with the settings/values to fit your style of gameplay balance. I've tried making many things from the mod configurable.

May be compatible with other mods.
Inspired by the NExperience mod.